FFWEB-1030 add section Product Teaser Campaign (#156)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/en/ff-product-teaser-campaign-processor.md

## Overview

> Starting with FACT-Finder version 7.3 _feedback text campaigns_ can be configured as _teaser_. For enabling this behaviour in FACT-Finder Web Components you only have to include the `ff-product-teaser-campaign-processor` middleware into your `ff-communication` element as followed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with FACT-Finder version 7.3 _feedback text campaigns_ can be configured as _teaser_. For enabling this behavior in FACT-Finder Web Components you only have to include the `ff-product-teaser-campaign-processor` middleware into your `ff-communication` element as follows:
```
